README.md, before:

# C4 Interface

This is the open source project for the C4 Interface, a standardized framework for film, television and general media content production in the cloud.

For more detailed information see the [C4 Interface Specification](https://github.com/JoshuaKolden/C4/blob/master/docs/spec.md).

## Project Plans

This project it intended to outline the the basic requirements for the C4 Interface, provide a reference client implementation, language bindings, and a test framework to drive client development and evaluate interface compliance in new implementations.

This work is being done in collaboration with the [ETC Cloud Project](https://wiki.openstack.org/wiki/Milk).

## Contributing

Contribution is encouraged from both programmers and non programmers who have expertise to share.  To facilitate this we uses Behavior Driven Development (BDD) and easy to understand English language descriptions of features.

If you are not a programmer or not familiar with BDD then you might find this video helpful: [What is BDD and why should I care?](http://vimeo.com/72673788)

Please add an [issue](https://github.com/JoshuaKolden/C4Interface/issues) if you have ideas, or fork the project and implement code that satisfies test requirements.

## Installation and requirements

## C++ Binding
    
    - [Boost](http://www.boost.org/)
    - [Qt 5.2](http://qt-project.org/)
    - [Cucumber-cpp](https://github.com/cucumber/cucumber-cpp)
    
## Python Binding

    - [python 3](https://www.python.org/)
    - [behave](https://github.com/behave/behave)

## Ruby Binding

    - [Ruby 2.0](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/)
    - [Cucumber](https://github.com/cucumber/cucumber)

If you'd like to see other language bindings please open an issue or add your vote to an existing issue.

## License

The C4 Interface is released under the Apache 2.0 license.  For other licensing options contact Studio Pyxis.

This document, and the C4 Interface are Copyright 2014 Joshua Kolden and Studio Pyxis.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License").  See LICENSE file for more information.

Commit message:

very basic tests and asset id code.

README.md, after:

# C4 Interface

This is the open source project for the C4 Interface, a standardized framework for film, television and general media content production in the cloud.

For more detailed information see the [C4 Interface Specification](https://github.com/JoshuaKolden/C4/blob/master/docs/spec.md).

## Project Plans

This project it intended to outline the the basic requirements for the C4 Interface, provide a reference client implementation, language bindings, and a test framework to drive client development and evaluate interface compliance in new implementations.

This work is being done in collaboration with the [ETC Cloud Project](https://wiki.openstack.org/wiki/Milk).

## Contributing

Contribution is encouraged from both programmers and non programmers who have expertise to share.  To facilitate this we uses Behavior Driven Development (BDD) and easy to understand English language descriptions of features.

If you are not a programmer or not familiar with BDD then you might find this video helpful: [What is BDD and why should I care?](http://vimeo.com/72673788)

Please add an [issue](https://github.com/JoshuaKolden/C4Interface/issues) if you have ideas, or fork the project and implement code that satisfies test requirements.

## Installation and requirements

## C++ Binding
    
    - [Boost](http://www.boost.org/)
    - [Qt 5.2](http://qt-project.org/)
    - [Cucumber-cpp](https://github.com/cucumber/cucumber-cpp)
    
## Python Binding
Python BDD tests are not working at the moment. Behave is not er.. behaving. See https://github.com/behave/behave/issues/233.

    - [python 3](https://www.python.org/)
    - [behave](https://github.com/behave/behave)

## Ruby Binding

    - [Ruby 2.1.1](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/)
    - [Cucumber](https://github.com/cucumber/cucumber)

1. Create an rvm environment `ruby-2.1.1@c4`
2. Run `Bundle install`.
3. Run `cucumber`

If you'd like to see other language bindings please open an issue or add your vote to an existing issue.

## License

The C4 Interface is released under the Apache 2.0 license.  For other licensing options contact Studio Pyxis.

This document, and the C4 Interface are Copyright 2014 Joshua Kolden and Studio Pyxis.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License").  See LICENSE file for more information.
